Instructions for installing mfemm can be found by running the
command:

help mfemm_setup

at the Octave or Matlab command prompt. This displays the
the following information:

  mfemm_setup: set up the matlab interface to xfemm
 
  Syntax
 
  mfemm_setup ()
  mfemm_setup ('Parameter', Value)
  
  Description
 
  mfemm_setup performs various operations to set up mfemm. At it's
  simplest, it will just add some directories to your Matlab/Octave path.
  At it's most complicated it will compile from scratch a set of libraries
  and matlab mex files. What it does, or attempts to do, will depend on
  what has already been done before, or supplied with the package, or what
  you tell it to do using various options.
 
  mfemm_setup has several optional arguments that may be supplied as
  Parameter-Value pairs. The possible options are shown below. Some may
  require further reading of the help below to fully understand.
 
  'RunTests' - true or false flag. If true, a set of test runs of the mex
    files will be performed. Defaults to false.
 
  'ForceMexRecompile' - true or false flag. If true, forces the mex files
    all be recompiled. Library files will not be recompiled unless they are
    not present. Defaults to false.
 
  'DoDebug' - true or false flag. Mex files will be built with debugging
    symbols. Defaults to false if not supplied.
 
  'Verbose' - true or false flag. Verbose build output if true. Defaults to
    false if not supplied.
  
  These may be supplied in any order. An example call the mfemm_setup might
  be:
 
    mfemm_setup ('DoDebug', false, 'ForceMexRecompile', true)
 
  A large proportion of mfemm's functionality depends on mex interfaces to
  C++ code. This code must be compiled into mex functions to be accessible
  from the matlab or octave command line. In Matlab therefore, you must
  have previously run:
 
  mex -setup
 
  And selected a valid C++ compiler before attempting to run this
  mfemm_setup function.
 
